

**Thesis Title        : BitTrack - Using Game Based Learning to Educate Users on Topics Within The Bitcoin Blockchain**

**Thesis Author       : Jahangeer Aslam**


# :coin: BitTrack 


This project was created in Unity on a Mac OS. 

The project contains 7 scenes. 

## Scenes
A list of these scenes is provided below:
 - ExplainConceptsLevel1Scene
 - ExplainConceptsLevel2Scene
 - HomeScene
 - Level1GamePlayScene
 - Level2GamePlayScene
 - level3test (currently used as the final score screen)

## Scripts
The project contains 17 C# scripts. 
 - answerSlot.cs
 - answerTile.cs
 - checkAnswer.cs
 - detailsBarButtons.cs
 - dialougeManager.cs
 - dragAndDrop.cs
 - feedbackBox.cs
 - level3TestScript.cs
 - navigation.cs
 - pageTtitle.cs
 - score.cs
 - slotOrder.cs
 - stageButton.cs
 - stageSetUp.cs
 - stagesScript.cs
 - submitButton.cs
 - unlockGameObjects.cs


## Insutrctions to Run 
 1. To open the unity .exe game if you are on a macOS, you should be able to just click on the application it it should run fine. 
 2. If you are on windows you will need to build this deployment version by opening the project in Unity.
 3. To open this project in unity you will need to click on any scene in the project. Go to BitTrack -> Assets -> Scenes and you can then unity by double clicking any scene. 
 4. All the text within this project has been generated by the Thesis Author, however all the images have been taken from locations which are listed in Appendix A within the MSc Thesis Document. 
 5. If you have any issues building or opening this project please reach out to me on s1750195@ed.ac.uk or on jahangeeraslam16@outlook.com


# Have Fun!












